Note `from()` can query remote sources (#3074)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/built-in/inputs/from.md

{{% note %}}
#### Query remote InfluxDB data sources

> Use `from()` to retrieve data from remote InfluxDB 2.0 OSS and InfluxDB Cloud instances.
> (InfluxDB 1.x OSS and Enterprise 1.9+ are also supported.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `from()` to retrieve data from remote InfluxDB OSS 1.7+, InfluxDB Enterprise 1.9+, and InfluxDB Cloud.
```

Use `from()` to retrieve data from remote InfluxDB 2.0 OSS and InfluxDB Cloud instances.
To query remote InfluxDB sources, include the [host](#host), [token](#token), and
[org](#org) (or [orgID](#orgid)) parameters.

> `from()` **cannot retrieve data** from **remote** InfluxDB OSS 1.x or InfluxDB Enterprise 1.x data sources

Reviewer 2: I think we should specifically call out 1.9+ here.
